modbus: add support for Papouch Quido ETH I/O modules (#902)
labgrid-project/labgrid: doc/configuration.rst

  - coil (int): index of the coil e.g. 3
  - invert (bool, default=False): whether the logic level is inverted
    (active-low)

>   - write_multiple (bool, default=False): optional, whether perform write
>     using multiple coils method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - write_multiple (bool, default=False): whether to perform write
    using "write multiple coils" method instead of "write single coil"
```

Reviewer: Maybe rename the argument `write_multiple` -> `write_multiple_coils`? I think that makes it even more clear.
